README.md, before:

Bouncing sphere
===============

Project EI 4 AGI: http://perso-laris.univ-angers.fr/~projetsei4/1415/P2/index.html

An Android-based application to play the board game "Ricochet Robots ©". It includes an artificial intelligence capable of playing the game.

The application allows to record up to 15 diferent maps. So if during your games you encounter an interesting map, memorize the order to play again!

Download App
============

You can either clone this Repository and open it with android-studio to build the app
or use the direct link to a compliled version here: https://github.com/rubo77/ProjetEi4_Android/raw/apk/download/app-debug.apk

Screen
======
![](http://perso-laris.univ-angers.fr/~projetsei4/1415/P2/img/screenshots/app-1.png)

Report
======
Download the report that we have made for detailing our progress:
http://perso-laris.univ-angers.fr/~projetsei4/1415/P2/documents/Bouncing_sphere.pdf

Presentation
============
Download the slides we used to present our project:
http://perso-laris.univ-angers.fr/~projetsei4/1415/P2/documents/Bouncing_sphere.pptx

Commit message:

README: first explain App  then where and when it was developed

README.md, after:

Bouncing Sphere
===============

An Android-based application to play the board game "Ricochet Robots ©". It includes an artificial intelligence capable of playing the game.

Bouncing Sphere allows to record up to 15 diferent maps. So if during your games you encounter an interesting map, memorize the order to play again!

Download App
============

You can either clone this Repository and open it with android-studio to build the app
or use the direct link to a compliled version here: https://github.com/rubo77/ProjetEi4_Android/raw/apk/download/app-debug.apk

Screenshot
==========
![](http://perso-laris.univ-angers.fr/~projetsei4/1415/P2/img/screenshots/app-1.png)

Licence
=======
The solver algorithm implementation is developed at [DriftingDroids](https://github.com/smack42/DriftingDroids), which is released under **GNU GPL**. Therefore the Bouncing Spere code is distributed under the same Licence.

Development
===========

Bouncing Sphere was developed in the Project EI 4 AGI: http://perso-laris.univ-angers.fr/~projetsei4/1415/P2/index.html

### Report
Download the report that was made for the university project:
http://perso-laris.univ-angers.fr/~projetsei4/1415/P2/documents/Bouncing_sphere.pdf

### Presentation
Download the slides used to present the project:
http://perso-laris.univ-angers.fr/~projetsei4/1415/P2/documents/Bouncing_sphere.pptx
